118 - Drop support of older php versions (#132)
matomo-org/matomo-php-tracker: CHANGELOG.md

This is the Developer Changelog for Matomo PHP Tracker. All breaking changes or new features are listed below.

> ## 3.3.0
> ### Removed
> - support PHP versions less than 7.2
> ### Changed
> - all constants are public
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Matomo PHP Tracker 3.3.0
### Removed
- support for PHP versions lower than 7.2
### Changed
- all `MatomoTracker` class constants are now explicitly public

```
